README.md, before:

# QCon San Francisco 2023 Attendee Lightning Talks

Are you working on an interesting project? Have you had a major technical breakthrough in your organization? Has your team uncovered insights about new and exciting technologies? **Share with your peers at QCon San Francisco!**

**During QCon San Francisco 2023, we are offering all conference attendees** the opportunity to put together a 5 minute ‘[lightning talk](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lightning_talk)’ and share their knowledge with the rest of the QCon community during break sessions.

## Instructions
- Choose a slot that works for you, edit the schedule on this page, and submit it as a pull request. Sign up is on first come-first serve basis.
- Our team will review your submission and get back to you.
- The lightning talks will take place on the Pacific level during breaks.
- Someone from our team will be assisting you with the projector. Note that there is no microphone or speaker available.
- There are no formal plans for recording at this moment.
- On your submission, make sure to include:
  - The title with a link to your slides (in 16:9 ratio), and 
  - Your name with a link to your LinkedIn profile.
- This offer is **only available to QCon attendees**.
- Sales pitches will not be accepted.
- Our team might reach out to help you with tips that will set you up for success!

## Schedule
- **Monday, Oct 2**
  - 11:30am-11:35am: [Your lightning talk title with link to your slides](https://infoq.com), by [Your name w/ link to your LinkedIn profile](https://infoq.com)
  - 11:35am-11:40am: TBD
- **Tuesday, Oct 3**
  - 11:30am-11:35am: TBD
  - 11:35am-11:40am: TBD
- **Wednesday, Oct 4**
  - 11:30am-11:35am: TBD
  - 11:35am-11:40am: TBD

Commit message:

Lightning Talk from Satinath Mondal

README.md, after:

# QCon San Francisco 2023 Attendee Lightning Talks

Are you working on an interesting project? Have you had a major technical breakthrough in your organization? Has your team uncovered insights about new and exciting technologies? **Share with your peers at QCon San Francisco!**

**During QCon San Francisco 2023, we are offering all conference attendees** the opportunity to put together a 5 minute ‘[lightning talk](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lightning_talk)’ and share their knowledge with the rest of the QCon community during break sessions.

## Instructions
- Choose a slot that works for you, edit the schedule on this page, and submit it as a pull request. Sign up is on first come-first serve basis.
- Our team will review your submission and get back to you.
- The lightning talks will take place on the Pacific level during breaks.
- Someone from our team will be assisting you with the projector. Note that there is no microphone or speaker available.
- There are no formal plans for recording at this moment.
- On your submission, make sure to include:
  - The title with a link to your slides (in 16:9 ratio), and 
  - Your name with a link to your LinkedIn profile.
- This offer is **only available to QCon attendees**.
- Sales pitches will not be accepted.
- Our team might reach out to help you with tips that will set you up for success!

## Schedule
- **Monday, Oct 2**
  - 11:30am-11:35am: [Your lightning talk title with link to your slides](https://infoq.com), by [Your name w/ link to your LinkedIn profile](https://infoq.com)
  - 11:35am-11:40am: TBD
- **Tuesday, Oct 3**
  - 11:30am-11:35am: TBD
  - 11:35am-11:40am: TBD
- **Wednesday, Oct 4**
  - 11:30am-11:35am: [Developer Portal : Your Gateway to Success](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1yoD1B2V8aAd8RMclnFuLPKP_wuKvZ7G812Yk2yW7v7o/edit?usp=sharing), by [Satinath Mondal](https://www.linkedin.com/in/satinathmondal/)
  - 11:35am-11:40am: TBD
